#EpicEats
Welcome to the EpicEats repository! This project is a web application developed using the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) stack. The application allows users to browse a variety of food items, place orders, and have them delivered to their desired location.

Features
User registration and authentication system.
Browse through a wide range of food items and categories.
Add items to the cart and manage the cart contents.

Order history and order status updates.
Admin dashboard for managing food items, categories, and orders.

Technologies Used
MongoDB: A NoSQL database for storing food items, user information, and order details.
Express.js: A web application framework for building the backend server and RESTful APIs.
React.js: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces and frontend components.
Node.js: A runtime environment for executing server-side JavaScript code.
HTML/CSS: Markup and styling for creating a visually appealing and responsive website.
Bootstrap: A CSS framework for faster and easier web development.

JWT (JSON Web Tokens): A secure method for authentication and authorization.

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/sameer-shreyas/EpicEats.git
Change to the project directory: cd mernapp
Install the dependencies for the frontend and backend:
For the frontend: cd client && npm install
For the backend: cd server && npm install
Create a .env file in the server directory and provide the required environment variables (database connection URL, secret keys, etc.).
Start the development server:
For the frontend: cd client && npm start
For the backend: cd server && npm start
Access the website locally by opening your browser and navigating to http://localhost:3000.
Make sure you have MongoDB installed and running on your system before starting the backend server.

Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or want to suggest enhancements, please open an issue or submit a pull request. Before contributing, make sure to read our contribution guidelines.



Acknowledgements
We would like to acknowledge the following resources and libraries that helped in the development of this project:

Create React App
Express.js
React Router
React Bootstrap
React Icons
Mongoose

Contact
For any questions or inquiries, please contact us at sameershreyas13@gmail.com.
